dev-docs/modules/azerionedgeRtdProvider.md, before:

---
layout: page_v2
title: Azerion Edge RTD Provider
display_name: Azerion Edge RTD Provider
description: Client-side contextual cookieless audiences.
page_type: module
module_type: rtd
module_code : azerionedgeRtdProvider
enable_download : true
vendor_specific: true
sidebarType : 1
---

# Azerion Edge RTD Provider

{% include dev-docs/loads-external-javascript.md %}

Client-side contextual cookieless audiences.

Azerion Edge RTD module helps publishers to capture users' interest audiences on their site,
and attach these into the bid request.

Please contact [azerion.com](https://www.azerion.com/) for more information.

## Integration

* Compile the Azerion Edge RTD module (`azerionedgeRtdProvider`) into your Prebid build,
along with the parent RTD Module (`rtdModule`):

```bash
gulp build --modules=rtdModule,azerionedgeRtdProvider
```

* Set configuration via `pbjs.setConfig`.

```js
pbjs.setConfig(
    ...
    realTimeData: {
        auctionDelay: 1000,
        dataProviders: [
            {
                name: 'azerionedge',
                waitForIt: true,
                params: {
                    key: '',
                    bidders: ['improvedigital'],
                    process: {}
                }
            }
        ]
    }
    ...
}
```

### Parameters

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name | Type | Description | Notes |
| :--- | :------- | :------------------ | :--------------- |
| name | `String` | RTD sub module name | Always "azerionedge" |
| waitForIt | `Boolean` | Required to ensure that the auction is delayed for the module to respond. | Optional. Defaults to false but recommended to true. |
| params.key | `String` | Publisher partner specific key | Optional |
| params.bidders | `Array` | Bidders with which to share segment information | Optional. Defaults to "improvedigital". |
| params.process | `Object` | Configuration for the Azerion Edge script. | Optional. Defaults to `{}`. |

## Context

As all data collection is on behalf of the publisher and based on the consent the publisher has
received from the user, this module does not require a TCF vendor configuration. Consent is
provided to the module when the user gives the relevant permissions on the publisher website.

As Prebid.js utilizes TCF vendor consent for the RTD module to load, the module needs to be labeled
within the Vendor Exceptions. If the Prebid GDPR enforcement is enabled, the module should be configured
as exception, as shown below:

```js
[
  {
    purpose: 'storage',
    enforcePurpose: true,
    enforceVendor: true,
    vendorExceptions: ["azerionedge"]
  },
  ...
]
```

Commit message:

AzerionEdge RTD Module: New mandatory parameters
Type of documentation
 new feature (mandatory fields)
 text edit only (wording, typos)

dev-docs/modules/azerionedgeRtdProvider.md, after:

---
layout: page_v2
title: Azerion Edge RTD Provider
display_name: Azerion Edge RTD Provider
description: Client-side contextual cookieless audiences.
page_type: module
module_type: rtd
module_code : azerionedgeRtdProvider
enable_download : true
vendor_specific: true
sidebarType : 1
---

# Azerion Edge RTD Provider

{% include dev-docs/loads-external-javascript.md %}

Client-side contextual cookieless audiences.

Azerion Edge RTD module helps publishers to capture users' interest audiences on their site,
and attach these into the bid request.

Please contact [edge@azerion.com](edge@azerion.com) for more information.

Maintainer: [azerion.com](https://www.azerion.com/)

## Integration

* Compile the Azerion Edge RTD module (`azerionedgeRtdProvider`) into your Prebid build,
along with the parent RTD Module (`rtdModule`):

```bash
gulp build --modules=rtdModule,azerionedgeRtdProvider
```

* Set configuration via `pbjs.setConfig`.

```js
pbjs.setConfig(
    ...
    realTimeData: {
        auctionDelay: 1000,
        dataProviders: [
            {
                name: 'azerionedge',
                waitForIt: true,
                params: {
                    key: '',
                    bidders: ['improvedigital'],
                    process: {}
                }
            }
        ]
    }
    ...
}
```

### Parameters

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name | Type | Description | Notes |
| :--- | :------- | :------------------ | :--------------- |
| name | `String` | RTD sub module name | Always "azerionedge" |
| waitForIt | `Boolean` | Required to ensure that the auction is delayed for the module to respond. | Optional. Defaults to false but recommended to true. |
| params.key | `String` | Publisher partner specific key | Mandatory. The key is required for the module to work. If you haven't received one, please reach [support@improvedigital.com](support@improvedigital.com) |
| params.bidders | `Array` | Bidders with which to share segment information | Optional. Defaults to "improvedigital". |
| params.process | `Object` | Configuration for the Azerion Edge script. | Optional. Defaults to `{}`. |

## Context

As all data collection is on behalf of the publisher and based on the consent the publisher has
received from the user, this module does not require a TCF vendor configuration. Consent is
provided to the module when the user gives the relevant permissions on the publisher website.

As Prebid.js utilizes TCF vendor consent for the RTD module to load, the module needs to be labeled
within the Vendor Exceptions. If the Prebid GDPR enforcement is enabled, the module should be configured
as exception, as shown below:

```js
[
  {
    purpose: 'storage',
    enforcePurpose: true,
    enforceVendor: true,
    vendorExceptions: ["azerionedge"]
  },
  ...
]
```
