---
layout: post
title: Prebid.js 3.0 major release announcement
description: 
cd ..permalink: /blog/pbjs-3
---


<br>

The Prebid core team is excited to announce a major Prebid.js release, 3.0! The main items to be included in this release are as follows:

* Upgrade all bidder adapters to HTTPS all the time. 
* Misc legacy APIs and functions will be removed (should be a minor publisher impact) -  [link](https://github.com/prebid/Prebid.js/issues/4118)
* Unbundle PubCommon ID and Unified ID from the User ID module build
* Fix for `getHighestCpmBids` to not return renderered bids [link](https://github.com/prebid/Prebid.js/issues/2959)
* Remove the legacy PBS adapter endpoint support [link](https://github.com/prebid/Prebid.js/issues/4172)
* Improve caching behavior if enabled [link](https://github.com/prebid/Prebid.js/issues/4148)

You can see the full list of items that are associated with the 3.0 release [here](https://github.com/prebid/Prebid.js/labels/3.0%20API%20Change) 

### Publisher facing API Changes

#### 1. AdUnit.sizes can no longer be used

To upgrade to Prebid.js 3.0, you'll need to make sure that ad sizes are in mediaTypes.banner.sizes.

i.e. instead of
```
    var adUnits = [
           {
               code: 'test-div',
               sizes: [[300,250],[300,600]],
```
You will need to modify adunits to:
```
    var adUnits = [
           {
               code: 'test-div',
                mediaTypes: {
                    banner: {
                        sizes: [[300,250],[300,600]]
                    }
                },
```

#### 2. The usersync API no longer supports iframeEnabled, pixelEnabled, or enabledBIdders

There has been a much more flexible syntax for usersync available for a long time now. See the [Publisher API docs](http://prebid.org/dev-docs/publisher-api-reference.html#setConfig-Configure-User-Syncing) for more details, but here's an example of the improve syntax:

```
pbjs.setConfig({
    userSync: {
        filterSettings: {
            iframe: {
                bidders: ['def'],  // only this bidder is excluded from syncing iframe pixels, all other bidders are allowed
                filter: 'exclude'
            },
            image: {
                bidders: ['abc', 'def', 'xyz'],  //only these 3 bidders are allowed to sync image pixels
                filter: 'include'
            }
        },
        syncsPerBidder: 3, // and no more than 3 syncs at a time
        syncDelay: 6000, // 6 seconds after the auction
    }
});
```

#### 3. Remove legacy protocol support for Prebid Server

You will need to check the s2sConfig.endpoint defined for Prebid Server. If it's `/auction`, you'll need to change to `/openrtb2/auction`. No other changes are necessary, but you should test the change with your Prebid Server provider.

#### 4. pbjs.loadScript() is gone

If you happen to be using this ancient function, you'll need to find an alternative.

#### 5. Be aware that the getHighestCpmBids() function will no longer return already-rendered bids

This is a bug that some of you may have implemented workarounds for. More details [here](https://github.com/prebid/Prebid.js/issues/2959).

#### 6. The 'min' attribute is no longer used on a [pricegranularity](http://prebid.org/dev-docs/publisher-api-reference.html#setConfig-Price-Granularity)

The existence of the 'min' attribute should not harm existing pricegranularities, but if anyone's defined pricegranularities with gaps between the buckets, those won't work anymore.

e.g. this is no longer possible. It's unclear to us why anyone would need this:

```
const customConfigObject = {
  "buckets" : [{
      "min" : 0,
      "max" : 5,
      "increment" : 0.01
    },
    {
      "min" : 5.25,             // ignore bids between $5 and $5.25
      "max" : 10,
      "increment" : 0.05
    }]
};
```

#### 7. Specifically pull PubCommon ID and Unified ID into your build

In previous versions, PubCommon ID and Unified ID were automatically
included as part of your Prebid.js build when you included the [userId module.](/modules/userId.html)

This is no longer the case -- in order for a Prebid.js package to include PubCommon ID and Unified ID, the `gulp build` command will need to specifically include them.

#### More details

Implementation details for all Publisher-facing changes are [here](
https://github.com/prebid/Prebid.js/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22Pub+API+Change%22+label%3A%223.0+API+Change%22+)

### Adapter maintainers action required

#### 1. Ensure your bidder doesn't use deprecated functions

**Referrer detection and related code**

Bidder adapters should review their implementation to see if they are relying on getting referrer information from updated APIs in `utils.js` and instead use the new [referrer methods](http://prebid.org/dev-docs/bidder-adaptor.html#referrers) on the bid request (`bidderRequest.refererInfo`).

**Important**
If you are using a deprecated function, your bidder adapter will be removed from the 3.0 branch. You will need to re-submit compliant code. Please target re-submission by Nov 1st 2019. This will give enough time for the core team to review and target the release of mid November. 

  
#### 2. Verify bidder supports HTTPS

We ask all bidder adapters to ensure they are compliant with secure requests to their endpoints (HTTPS) since it is already a requirement for bidders to support it on secure pages this should hopefully not be a big issue. The prebid core team will automatically update all the endpoints to secure if they are not already for the 3.0 release. 

#### 3. Verify adapter reads sizes from mediaTypes.banner.sizes

We are telling pubs that they need to configm that their adunits define sizes in `mediaTypes.banner.sizes` instead of just `sizes`.

Adapter code and examples must be updated to reflect this change.


### Target release date
Mid November 2019 
