dev-docs/bidders/criteo.md, before:

---
layout: bidder
title: Criteo
description: Prebid Criteo Bidder Adaptor
pbjs: true
pbs: true
biddercode: criteo
media_types: display, video, native (pbjs only)
gdpr_supported: true
usp_supported: true
userIds: britepoolId, criteo, id5Id, identityLink, liveIntentId, netId, parrableId, pubCommonId, pubProvidedId, sharedId, unifiedId
prebid_member: true
floors_supported: true
fpd_supported: true
schain_supported: true
gvl_id: 91
coppa_supported: true
multiformat_supported: will-bid-on-any
sidebarType: 1
gpp_supported: true
---

### Notes

{: .alert.alert-warning :}
This bidder adapter automatically includes the Criteo User ID module and performs iFrame syncs.


{: .alert.alert-warning :}
Prebid-Server support is on alpha test and is currently a non-finished product. Activation requires setup and approval before beginning. Please reach out to your account manager or publishers@criteo.com for more details.

### Bid Params

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name              | Scope    | Description                                                                                                          | Example                                       | Type       |
|-------------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|------------|
| `zoneId`          | required | (deprecated) The zone ID from Criteo. Should be replaced by `networkId` when using zone matching.                                    | `234234`                                      | `integer`  |
| `networkId`       | required | The network ID from Criteo. Please reach out your Criteo representative for more details.                             | `456456`                                      | `integer`  |
| `nativeCallback`  | optional | (Prebid.js only) Callback to perform render in native integrations. Please reach out your Criteo representative for more details.     | `function(payload) { console.log(payload); }` | `function` |
| `integrationMode` | optional | (Prebid.js only) Integration mode to use for ad render (none or 'AMP'). Please reach out your Criteo representative for more details. | `'AMP'`                                       | `string`   |
| `publisherSubId` | optional | Custom identifier for reporting. Please reach out your Criteo representative for more details. | `'adunit-1'` |  `string` |

### First Party Data

Criteo supports both `ortb2` (`site` and `user`) and `ortb2Imp` methods to set [First Party Data](https://docs.prebid.org/features/firstPartyData.html).

### Video Object

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name              | Scope    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Example | Type      |
|-------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|-----------|
| `minduration`     | optional | Minimum ad duration in seconds                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `5`     | `integer` |
| `startdelay`      | optional | Duration offset (in second) from the start of the content for showing the video ad before the start of the Video. Pre-roll: `0` (default); Mid-roll: `>0`; Default mid-roll: `-1`; Post-roll: `-2`;                                                                          | `5`     | `integer` |
| `playbackmethod`  | required | Defines how the video inventory is initiated. Page Load with Sound On: `1`; Page Load with Sound Off: `2`; Click with Sound On: `3`; Mouse-Over with Sound On: `4`; Entering Viewport with Sound On: `5`; Entering Viewport with Sound Off by Default: `6`;                  | `[4, 5]`     | `Array<integer>` |
| `placement`       | required | Video placement type. In-Stream: `1`; In-Banner: `2`; In-Article: `3`: In-Feed: `4`; Interstitial: `5`;                                                                                                                                                                      | `1`     | `integer` |
| `skip`            | required | Ability from the video player for the user to skip the video. Not skippable: `0`; Skippable: `1`;                                                                                                                                                                            | `1`     | `integer` |

In addition, Criteo adapter relies on parameters specified in the mediaTypes.video definition of the video ad-units, namely:

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name              | Scope    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Example         | Type             |
|-------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|------------------|
| `context`         | required | `outstream`, `instream` or `long-form`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | `instream`      | `string`         |
| `mimes`           | required | List of the content MIME types supported by the player                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | `["video/mp4"]` | `Array<string>`  |
| `playerSize`      | required | Width and height of the player                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `[640, 480]`    | `Array<integer>` |
| `protocols`       | required | Supported video bid response protocols. VAST 1.0: `1`; VAST 2.0: `2`; VAST 3.0: `3`; VAST 1.0 Wrapper: `4`; VAST 2.0 Wrapper: `5`; VAST 3.0 Wrapper: `6`;                                                                                                                    | `|5, 6]`        | `Array<integer>` |
| `maxduration`     | required | Maximum ad duration in seconds                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `20`            | `integer`        |
| `api`             | required | API frameworks supported. VPAID 1.0: `1`; VPAID 2.0: `2`; MRAID-1: `3`; ORMMA: `4`; MRAID-2: `5`;                                                                                                                                                                            | `[1, 2]`        | `Array<integer>` |

#### Example of Video Ad-unit
```
var adUnits = [
{
    code: 'video1',
    mediaTypes: {
        video: {
            playerSize: [640, 480],
            context: 'instream',
            mimes: ["video/mp4"],
            maxduration: 30,
            api: [1, 2],
            playerSize: [640,480],
            protocols: [2, 3],
	    skip: 0,
	    playbackmethod: [1],
            placement: 1
        }
    },
    bids: [{
        bidder: 'criteo',
        params: {
            zoneId: 1455580
        }
    }]
}];
```

### Additional Config (Optional)

Criteo Bid Adapter supports the collection of the user's hashed email, if available.

Please consider passing it to the adapter, following [these guidelines](https://publisherdocs.criteotilt.com/prebid/#hashed-emails).

Commit message:

Criteo Bid Adapter : Update documentation according to latest features added about video & rwdd support

dev-docs/bidders/criteo.md, after:

---
layout: bidder
title: Criteo
description: Prebid Criteo Bidder Adaptor
pbjs: true
pbs: true
biddercode: criteo
media_types: display, video, native (pbjs only)
gdpr_supported: true
usp_supported: true
userIds: britepoolId, criteo, id5Id, identityLink, liveIntentId, netId, parrableId, pubCommonId, pubProvidedId, sharedId, unifiedId
prebid_member: true
floors_supported: true
fpd_supported: true
schain_supported: true
gvl_id: 91
coppa_supported: true
multiformat_supported: will-bid-on-any
sidebarType: 1
gpp_supported: true
---

### Notes

{: .alert.alert-warning :}
This bidder adapter automatically includes the Criteo User ID module and performs iFrame syncs.


{: .alert.alert-warning :}
Prebid-Server support is on alpha test and is currently a non-finished product. Activation requires setup and approval before beginning. Please reach out to your account manager or publishers@criteo.com for more details.

### Bid Params

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name              | Scope    | Description                                                                                                          | Example                                       | Type       |
|-------------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------|------------|
| `zoneId`          | required | (deprecated) The zone ID from Criteo. Should be replaced by `networkId` when using zone matching.                                    | `234234`                                      | `integer`  |
| `networkId`       | required | The network ID from Criteo. Please reach out your Criteo representative for more details.                             | `456456`                                      | `integer`  |
| `nativeCallback`  | optional | (Prebid.js only) Callback to perform render in native integrations. Please reach out your Criteo representative for more details.     | `function(payload) { console.log(payload); }` | `function` |
| `integrationMode` | optional | (Prebid.js only) Integration mode to use for ad render (none or 'AMP'). Please reach out your Criteo representative for more details. | `'AMP'`                                       | `string`   |
| `publisherSubId`  | optional | Custom identifier for reporting. Please reach out your Criteo representative for more details. | `'adunit-1'` |  `string` |

### First Party Data

Criteo supports both `ortb2` and `ortb2Imp` methods to set [First Party Data](https://docs.prebid.org/features/firstPartyData.html).

The standard Open RTB properties supported from `ortb2` / `ortb2Imp` are described in the following table.

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name              | Scope    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Example | Type      |
|-------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|-----------|
| `ortb2.user`      | optional | Details via a Open RTB User object about the human user of the device; the advertising audience.                                                                                                                                                                                      | N/A     | `object`  |
| `ortb2.site`      | optional | Details via a Open RTB Site object about the publisher’s website.                                                                                                                                                                                                    | N/A     | `object`  |
| `ortb2Imp.rwdd`   | optional | Indicates whether the user receives a reward for viewing the ad, where 0 = no, 1 = yes.                                                                                                                                                                                      | `1`     | `integer` |

Besides these standard properties, `ext` field can be used to send any publisher specific data which may have been discussed with a Criteo representative.

### Video Object

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name              | Scope    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Example | Type      |
|-------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|-----------|
| `minduration`     | optional | Minimum ad duration in seconds                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `5`     | `integer` |
| `startdelay`      | optional | Duration offset (in second) from the start of the content for showing the video ad before the start of the Video. Pre-roll: `0` (default); Mid-roll: `>0`; Default mid-roll: `-1`; Post-roll: `-2`;                                                                          | `5`     | `integer` |
| `playbackmethod`  | required | Defines how the video inventory is initiated. Page Load with Sound On: `1`; Page Load with Sound Off: `2`; Click with Sound On: `3`; Mouse-Over with Sound On: `4`; Entering Viewport with Sound On: `5`; Entering Viewport with Sound Off by Default: `6`;                  | `[4, 5]`     | `Array<integer>` |
| `placement`       | required | Video placement type. In-Stream: `1`; In-Banner: `2`; In-Article: `3`: In-Feed: `4`; Interstitial: `5`;                                                                                                                                                                      | `1`     | `integer` |
| `skip`            | required | Ability from the video player for the user to skip the video. Not skippable: `0`; Skippable: `1`;                                                                                                                                                                            | `1`     | `integer` |

In addition, Criteo adapter relies on parameters specified in the mediaTypes.video definition of the video ad-units, namely:

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name              | Scope    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Example         | Type             |
|-------------------|----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------|------------------|
| `context`         | required | `outstream`, `instream` or `long-form`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | `instream`      | `string`         |
| `mimes`           | required | List of the content MIME types supported by the player                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | `["video/mp4"]` | `Array<string>`  |
| `playerSize`      | required | Width and height of the player                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `[640, 480]`    | `Array<integer>` |
| `protocols`       | required | Supported video bid response protocols. VAST 1.0: `1`; VAST 2.0: `2`; VAST 3.0: `3`; VAST 1.0 Wrapper: `4`; VAST 2.0 Wrapper: `5`; VAST 3.0 Wrapper: `6`;                                                                                                                    | `|5, 6]`        | `Array<integer>` |
| `maxduration`     | required | Maximum ad duration in seconds                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | `20`            | `integer`        |
| `api`             | required | API frameworks supported. VPAID 1.0: `1`; VPAID 2.0: `2`; MRAID 1.0: `3`; ORMMA: `4`; MRAID 2.0: `5`; MRAID 3.0: `6`; OMID 1.0: `7`;                                                                                                                                                                            | `[1, 2]`        | `Array<integer>` |
| `plcmt`           | optional | 1=in-stream, 2=accompanying content, 3=interstitial, 4=no content/standalone. Highly recommended to comply with new IAB video specifications.                                                                                                                                | `1`             | `integer`        |

#### Example of Video Ad-unit
```
var adUnits = [
{
    code: 'video1',
    mediaTypes: {
        video: {
            playerSize: [640, 480],
            context: 'instream',
            mimes: ["video/mp4"],
            maxduration: 30,
            api: [1, 2],
            playerSize: [640,480],
            protocols: [2, 3],
	    skip: 0,
	    playbackmethod: [1],
            placement: 1
        }
    },
    bids: [{
        bidder: 'criteo',
        params: {
            zoneId: 1455580
        }
    }]
}];
```

### Additional Config (Optional)

Criteo Bid Adapter supports the collection of the user's hashed email, if available.

Please consider passing it to the adapter, following [these guidelines](https://publisherdocs.criteotilt.com/prebid/#hashed-emails).
