dev-docs/bidders/smartadserver.md, before:

---
layout: bidder
title: Smart AdServer
description: Prebid Smart AdServer Bidder Adaptor
biddercode: smartadserver
media_types: display, video, native
gdpr_supported: true
schain_supported: true
usp_supported: true
userIds: all
pbjs: true
pbs: true
floors_supported: true
sidebarType: 1
---

### Registration

The Smart AdServer bidder adaptor requires setup and approval from the Smart AdServer Service team. Please reach out to your account manager for more information and start using it.

### Bid params

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name       | Scope    | Description                                                                                                    | Example                                                                                                            | Type      |
|------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|
| `networkId`   | required for Prebid Server | The network identifier you have been provided with.    | `1234`                                                               | `integer` |
| `siteId`   | required for Prebid.js | The placement site ID                                                                                          | `1234`                                                               | `integer` |
| `pageId`   | required | The placement page ID                                                                                          | `1234`                                                               | `integer` |
| `formatId` | required | The placement format ID                                                                                        | `1234`                                                               | `integer` |
| `domain`   | optional | The network domain (default see example)                                                                       | `'http://prg.smartadserver.com', 'https://prg.smartadserver.com'`    | `string`  |
| `target`   | optional | The keyword targeting                                                                                          | `'sport=tennis'`                                                     | `string`  |
| `bidfloor` | optional | Bid floor for this placement in USD or in the currency specified by the `currency` parameter. (Default: `0.0`) | `0.42`                                                               | `float`   |
| `appName`  | optional | Mobile application name                                                                                        | `'Smart AdServer Preview'`                                           | `string`  |
| `buId`     | optional | Mobile application bundle ID                                                                                   | `'com.smartadserver.android.dashboard'`                              | `string`  |
| `ckId`     | optional | Unique Smart AdServer user ID                                                                                  | `1234567890123456789`                                                | `integer` |
| `video`    | optional | Parameter object for instream video. See [video Object](#smartadserver-video-object)                           | `{}`                                                                 | `object`  |
| `schain`   | optional | Supply Chain                                                                                                   | `'1.0,1!exchange1.com,1234,1,bid-request-1,publisher,publisher.com'` | `string`  |

**Note:** The site, page and format identifiers have to all be provided or all empty.

<a name="smartadserver-video-object" />

#### Video Object

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name         | Scope    | Description                                                                                                             | Example                | Type      |
|--------------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|-----------|
| `protocol`   | optional | Maximum open RTB video protocol supported                                                                               | `8` (VAST 4.0 wrapper) | `integer` |
| `startDelay` | optional | Allowed values: 1 (generic pre-roll, default), 2 (generic mid-roll), 3 (generic post-roll)                               | `1`                    | `integer` |

### Supported Media Types (Prebid.js)

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Type | Support |
|---|---|
| `banner` | Supported |
| `video`  | Supported |
| `native` | Not currently supported |

### Supported Media Types (Prebid Server)

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Type   | Support |
|------|-------|
| `banner` | Supported |
| `video`  | Supported |
| `native` | Supported |

### Examples 

Without site/page/format :
```
	"imp": [{
		"id": "some-impression-id",
		"banner": {
			"format": [{
				"w": 600,
				"h": 500
			}, {
				"w": 300,
				"h": 600
			}]
		},
		"ext": {
			"smartadserver": {
				"networkId": 73
			}
		}
	}]
```

With site/page/format :

```
	"imp": [{
		"id": "some-impression-id",
		"banner": {
			"format": [{
				"w": 600,
				"h": 500
			}, {
				"w": 300,
				"h": 600
			}]
		},
		"ext": {
			"smartadserver": {
                            "networkId": 73
                            "siteId": 1,
                            "pageId": 2,
                            "formatId": 3
			}
		}
	}]
```

Commit message:

Smartadserver Bid Adapter: add gpp support flag (#4318)
* Fix domain sample

* Add HTTPS sample for domain parameter

* Add HTTPS sample for domain parameter

* Add Smart AdServer in the index and download list

* Add currency parameter documentation

* Revert "Merge remote-tracking branch 'refs/remotes/prebid/master'"

This reverts commit 099edc2d8e4e993406c2cb89612ff6d297b4515b, reversing
changes made to 07ce9fd7e2f3a2f11f6caf82e24c1f636fd91d03.

* Update documentation

Specify "target" parameter development status

* Adding documentation for bidfloor parameter.

* Add GPP support

---------

Co-authored-by: Mordhak <adrien.desmoules@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Mordhak <adesmoules@smartadserver.com>
Co-authored-by: Sébastien Ferry <sferry@sas-corp.local>
Co-authored-by: gcarnec <gcarnec@smartadserver.com>
Co-authored-by: Yuriy Tyukhnin <ytyukhnin@smartadserver.com>
Co-authored-by: tadam <tadam@smartadserver.com>
Co-authored-by: krzysztof <88041828+krysztal-smart@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Spacedragoon <yorfedog.cenrac@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: odureleau <101274264+odureleau@users.noreply.github.com>

dev-docs/bidders/smartadserver.md, after:

---
layout: bidder
title: Smart AdServer
description: Prebid Smart AdServer Bidder Adapter
biddercode: smartadserver
media_types: display, video, native
gdpr_supported: true
gpp_supported: true
schain_supported: true
usp_supported: true
userIds: all
pbjs: true
pbs: true
floors_supported: true
sidebarType: 1
---

### Registration

The Smart AdServer bidder adapter requires setup and approval from the Equativ (former Smart AdServer) service team. Please reach out to your account manager for more information and start using it.

### Bid params

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name       | Scope    | Description                                                                                                    | Example                                                                                                            | Type      |
|------------|----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|
| `networkId`   | required for Prebid Server | The network identifier you have been provided with.    | `1234`                                                               | `integer` |
| `siteId`   | required for Prebid.js | The placement site ID                                                                                          | `1234`                                                               | `integer` |
| `pageId`   | required | The placement page ID                                                                                          | `1234`                                                               | `integer` |
| `formatId` | required | The placement format ID                                                                                        | `1234`                                                               | `integer` |
| `domain`   | optional | The network domain (default see example)                                                                       | `'http://prg.smartadserver.com', 'https://prg.smartadserver.com'`    | `string`  |
| `target`   | optional | The keyword targeting                                                                                          | `'sport=tennis'`                                                     | `string`  |
| `bidfloor` | optional | Bid floor for this placement in USD or in the currency specified by the `currency` parameter. (Default: `0.0`) | `0.42`                                                               | `float`   |
| `appName`  | optional | Mobile application name                                                                                        | `'Smart AdServer Preview'`                                           | `string`  |
| `buId`     | optional | Mobile application bundle ID                                                                                   | `'com.smartadserver.android.dashboard'`                              | `string`  |
| `ckId`     | optional | Unique Smart AdServer user ID                                                                                  | `1234567890123456789`                                                | `integer` |
| `video`    | optional | Parameter object for instream video. See [video Object](#smartadserver-video-object)                           | `{}`                                                                 | `object`  |
| `schain`   | optional | Supply Chain                                                                                                   | `'1.0,1!exchange1.com,1234,1,bid-request-1,publisher,publisher.com'` | `string`  |

**Note:** The site, page and format identifiers have to all be provided or all empty.

<a name="smartadserver-video-object" />

#### Video Object

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name         | Scope    | Description                                                                                                             | Example                | Type      |
|--------------|----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|-----------|
| `protocol`   | optional | Maximum open RTB video protocol supported                                                                               | `8` (VAST 4.0 wrapper) | `integer` |
| `startDelay` | optional | Allowed values: 1 (generic pre-roll, default), 2 (generic mid-roll), 3 (generic post-roll)                               | `1`                    | `integer` |

### Supported Media Types (Prebid.js)

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Type | Support |
|---|---|
| `banner` | Supported |
| `video`  | Supported |
| `native` | Not currently supported |

### Supported Media Types (Prebid Server)

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Type   | Support |
|------|-------|
| `banner` | Supported |
| `video`  | Supported |
| `native` | Supported |

### Examples 

Without site/page/format :
```
	"imp": [{
		"id": "some-impression-id",
		"banner": {
			"format": [{
				"w": 600,
				"h": 500
			}, {
				"w": 300,
				"h": 600
			}]
		},
		"ext": {
			"smartadserver": {
				"networkId": 73
			}
		}
	}]
```

With site/page/format :

```
	"imp": [{
		"id": "some-impression-id",
		"banner": {
			"format": [{
				"w": 600,
				"h": 500
			}, {
				"w": 300,
				"h": 600
			}]
		},
		"ext": {
			"smartadserver": {
                            "networkId": 73
                            "siteId": 1,
                            "pageId": 2,
                            "formatId": 3
			}
		}
	}]
```
