dev-docs/bidders/teads.md, before:

---
layout: bidder
title: Teads
description: Prebid Teads Bidder Adapter
prebid_member: true
pbs: true
pbs_app_supported: true
pbjs: true
pbjs_version_notes: please avoid using v7.20.0 and v7.21.0
biddercode: teads
tcfeu_supported: true
dsa_supported: true
usp_supported: true
schain_supported: true
userIds: uid2Id, identityLinkId, lotamePanoramaId, id5Id, criteoId, connectId, quantcastId, publinkId, sharedId, merkleId, kinessoId
media_types: banner, video
gvl_id: 132
deals_supported: true
multiformat_supported: will-not-bid
ortb_blocking_supported: true
floors_supported: true
coppa_supported: true
gpp_sids: tcfeu, usp
fpd_supported: false
sidebarType: 1
---

### Note

The Teads Bidding adapter requires setup before beginning. Please contact us on <https://teads.tv/teads-contact/>

### Bid Params

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name          | Scope              | Description           | Example   | Type      |
|---------------|--------------------|-----------------------|-----------|-----------|
| `pageId`      | required(pbjs)     | Teads page id         | `2453`    | `integer` |
| `placementId` | required(pbs,pbjs) | Teads placement id    | `113244`  | `integer` |

Commit message:

Add note for playinline for Teads adapter

dev-docs/bidders/teads.md, after:

---
layout: bidder
title: Teads
description: Prebid Teads Bidder Adapter
prebid_member: true
pbs: true
pbs_app_supported: true
pbjs: true
pbjs_version_notes: please avoid using v7.20.0 and v7.21.0
biddercode: teads
tcfeu_supported: true
dsa_supported: true
usp_supported: true
schain_supported: true
userIds: uid2Id, identityLinkId, lotamePanoramaId, id5Id, criteoId, connectId, quantcastId, publinkId, sharedId, merkleId, kinessoId
media_types: banner, video
gvl_id: 132
deals_supported: true
multiformat_supported: will-not-bid
ortb_blocking_supported: true
floors_supported: true
coppa_supported: true
gpp_sids: tcfeu, usp
fpd_supported: false
sidebarType: 1
---

### Notes

1. The Teads Bidding adapter requires setup before beginning. Please contact us on <https://teads.tv/teads-contact/>
2. When this adapter is enabled and Prebid.js is used in an iOS WebView, the WebView should allow videos to play inline. This is required because the Teads adapter delivers video ads and starts by detecting the autoplay capability of the device. 

### Bid Params

{: .table .table-bordered .table-striped }
| Name          | Scope              | Description           | Example   | Type      |
|---------------|--------------------|-----------------------|-----------|-----------|
| `pageId`      | required(pbjs)     | Teads page id         | `2453`    | `integer` |
| `placementId` | required(pbs,pbjs) | Teads placement id    | `113244`  | `integer` |
